Add comments to code, update readme, QoL improvements. Minor code restruct aswell. (#9)
FreeXR/eureka_panther-adreno-gpu-exploit-1: README.md

> 
> **Basically, this means if you run a bad command, you can permanantly brick your device!!!**

> [!WARNING]
> **DO NOT USE THIS EXPLOIT UNLESS YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING!**

> [!WARNING]
> Pressing the `INSTALL` button in Magisk is going to brick your headset as it will make changes in the bootloader partitions! **Never press that button!!!**

> [!TIP]
> Install the Magisk that is packaged in the releases. It will hide the `INSTALL` button. You can also grab a release from [@VeygaX](https://github.com/veygax)'s official repository [here](https://github.com/veygax/eventhorizon-Magisk/releases/tag/latest).

> [!WARNING]
> Any change to the /system partition **WILL RESULT IN HARD BRICK!** again due to Meta refusing to provide the users the cryptographical keys.

> [!WARNING]

> > Make a backup of your `deviceKey`, Meta Access Token, Oculus Access Token and `persist` to be able to recover from soft brick and nuxskip. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before you start make sure to backup your account's secrets - namely the `deviceKey` and your `MetaProfileGenericAuthMap` and `Meta User ID`. Refer to [Our Private Quest setup guide](https://github.com/FreeXR/freexr-guides/blob/main/privatequest-setup.md) for instructions. Without these secrets you won't be able to fully recover from soft-bricked headset.
```
